What did you just say?
I know crows.
Mr. Shen
The little girl poisoned you for loving Shen Crow deeply
I am willing to atone for my sins
I promise to support the Shen family into a first-class family
Huang Hehua
Do you want the whole royal family to be buried with you?
At the same time, I would like to betroth my little daughter to the crow
Slavery is bad.
Yellow Crane Emperor is silent
Mr. Shen
I deserve to die
But last night
I have become a boundless woman
It's your granddaughter-in-law
Tell him again.
You just kill me.
I am also your woman
What do you think?
So you can cover up the crime
Stop messing around crow
I wish you happiness.
Live well